feat: JSON-RPC responses async iterable iterator (#1937)
smol-dot/smoldot: wasm-node/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Add `jsonRpcResponses` async iterable iterator to `Chain` connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `jsonRpcResponses` async iterable iterator to `Chain`, as a more convenient alternative to the `nextJsonRpcResponse` function. ([#1937](https://github.com/smol-dot/smoldot/pull/1937))
```
